we are the sisters, I am
marisa and the girl image to mine
side and my sister the jiji for
find her
not a valuable column that will go to
explain to her that she is very skilled with
words is not a gato gazette
But my sister is what you want it to be
is a column that helps us preserve
family recipes in the sense
exist in all families of the
crown recipes that the heart risks
go lost if they are not the recipe
classic type I don't know spaghetti
at the amatriciana they make everyone do now
don't stick a giant button or not
I can hold our guest
comes from the Maremma and I could give it
as many adjectives as his are
surnames that are really very long
he is handsome tall very powerful
winemaker who I think is my own
favorite right now and come to
bring us the recipe of the great-grandmother lea
of the big bait comes on horseback a
certainly currency one day so I have
left out so he is fine
you brought this thing here is called
use these for sure this as well
suede today I will explain how to do the
suede from felia chiara ofelia was one
great friend my great-grandmother but not
is what we see in the paintings of no
it is not a current with all the flowers
on the tent is an Ampezzo mountaineer
but antic that is far ahead but not
my great-grandmother is also exceptional
in fact this recipe comes from her not
I think it's Ampezzo I think it's more
Austrian
ah ok to complicate things weighed the
suede as 36 procured the costs
unfortunately I tried my mother
was more males let's say we leave
knife instead my mother didn't go in
val germanasca and threw it out the
germany that is in piedmont all
very compliments
the recipe a bullshit, however, the
difficult and produce sica mori already
then the ingredients are
very simple bay leaves grains of
black pepper cream suede cognac and oil
olive then for the navy uses i love the
cognac olive oils in equal parts
practically I don't throw in misio
then we put a good handful of
black pepper grains and a couple of non fire
too much to them because we leave them strong
in these there is for two days a
day sound time of more than ten
years, however, better be careful the
you have to mix every 4 hours because otherwise
to the oil and the indifferent coinage la
night wake up at hours is like having a
baby or a drop that haute cuisine
because simone related canons sense us
like and this cream we have here
symbolically a reality drops
4 liters of industrial quantities are required
parma because the suede will cook in the
cream
obviously we observe it with spaces
if we have there then you can also do with
the rigatone or really large pasta al
butter and then we add teachers who
I prepare for my baby
ok pasta in coarse white
come back then let's start a
cooking let's start cooking must
take the meat obviously not there
we want to throw all this marinade
if it would not make them too greasy then
with this ladle it seems to me excellent
we find the receipt large
we clear roughly because the
essential correct terminology then
I scold roughly and love it
I can more than I spend on little
expect and take away their course
we like black pepper
bite him later but this is fantastic
research this and carbonera has no hormones
stuff you said a little lord to mine is
just like a butcher because meat
real lady
here it is carnera is ok you see that browned
all the sauce is well worked
then now we can start adding
our cream a quantity a mass
industrial then I to over a liter
a little more than half a liter will be like half
liter this we add
and let it cook practically a
slow slow heat for three hours e
half
five hours we go through now
we see now saw the thread pass
you have to add the cream
obviously every time it is called the
add for every half an hour add
let's leave a little cream to pass
a jimmy you five hours
then see how it is not too narrow
lamanna the love of this consistency
fifth that if too narrow a taste a
bit too much after a while creamy
passage
now we are almost missing a few minutes
then we cook spaces that are
spaces are not usually boiled no
functions various risks a lot of butter a
vote because we lacked we are missing part
fat let's say follow it put a little
the higher I make them so it has been in
pan of the other
much better than boiled politics not
only we have inside
now that the spaces are pretty crisp
brown had diego is ready this is
ready at this point we believe a dish
It saves each part usually because they do not
I burn everything together
they do n't know how I like them, they are pretty
we are not for the presentation born a
some jocks but this is not it
let's see what it is then
lard because there is obviously a lot of beauty
home of ready attack sauce
no wonder let's try this
is the chamois of ofelia the cream of
great-grandmother lea of ​​la gherardesca
great-grandmother of baloo who by the way had
also other skills that while me
taste then make public
manifest should be stabilized was included
in the world of the sky to the pigeon to say is
fantastic considers me as satisfied
let's explain how I would serve at a lunch
it is certainly certain it is called ai
made not apart today from the great-grandfather of
we of your skin want it but good
we also ate vastarella now
honorary flounder